README.md, before:

# WAVELAB v 850 website

## About the project

This is a fork from the Stanford WaveLab library website ([https://statweb.stanford.edu/~wavelab/Wavelab_850/](https://statweb.stanford.edu/~wavelab/Wavelab_850/)). The main purpose of this fork is to fix some of the known bugs, resolve link functionalities, and make it easier to navigate throughout the site.

# Wavelab850 link:
[https://apptestermc.github.io/Wavelab_850/](https://apptestermc.github.io/Wavelab_850/)

# [Gabonator](https://github.com/gabonator) DOS javascript Games

You can find more here: [Cicoparser](https://github.com/gabonator/Education/blob/c6f5cc670aa801e686919b1485171cf502b253fd/2021/CicoParser/readme.md)

* [https://apptestermc.github.io/WebGoose/](https://apptestermc.github.io/WebGoose/)
* [https://apptestermc.github.io/WebFox/](https://apptestermc.github.io/WebFox/)
* [https://apptestermc.github.io/WebRick2/](https://apptestermc.github.io/WebRick2/)
* [https://apptestermc.github.io/WebXenon2/](https://apptestermc.github.io/WebXenon2/)
* [https://apptestermc.github.io/WebAlleycat/](https://apptestermc.github.io/WebAlleycat/)
* [https://apptestermc.github.io/WebCdman/](https://apptestermc.github.io/WebCdman/)


# Fork of [tisaconundrum2](https://github.com/tisaconundrum2/pspwxp) Playstation Portable Windows XP 

Windows XP on your Playstation Portable is a set of Webpages that look similar to Windows XP. It has some features, games and applications.

[https://apptestermc.github.io/pspwxp/](https://apptestermc.github.io/pspwxp/)

Commit message:

Added PSP web apps in Readme.md

README.md, after:

# WAVELAB v 850 website

## About the project

This is a fork from the Stanford WaveLab library website ([https://statweb.stanford.edu/~wavelab/Wavelab_850/](https://statweb.stanford.edu/~wavelab/Wavelab_850/)). The main purpose of this fork is to fix some of the known bugs, resolve link functionalities, and make it easier to navigate throughout the site.

# Wavelab850 link:
[https://apptestermc.github.io/Wavelab_850/](https://apptestermc.github.io/Wavelab_850/)

# [Gabonator](https://github.com/gabonator) DOS javascript Games

You can find more here: [Cicoparser](https://github.com/gabonator/Education/blob/c6f5cc670aa801e686919b1485171cf502b253fd/2021/CicoParser/readme.md)

* [https://apptestermc.github.io/WebGoose/](https://apptestermc.github.io/WebGoose/)
* [https://apptestermc.github.io/WebFox/](https://apptestermc.github.io/WebFox/)
* [https://apptestermc.github.io/WebRick2/](https://apptestermc.github.io/WebRick2/)
* [https://apptestermc.github.io/WebXenon2/](https://apptestermc.github.io/WebXenon2/)
* [https://apptestermc.github.io/WebAlleycat/](https://apptestermc.github.io/WebAlleycat/)
* [https://apptestermc.github.io/WebCdman/](https://apptestermc.github.io/WebCdman/)


# [BlazeByte](https://github.com/BlazeByte/) Playstation Portable Web Apps

An app for your PlayStation Portable which allows you to create, edit and share documents. It also has some games and applications.
- [https://apptestermc.github.io/pspwxp/](https://apptestermc.github.io/pspwxp/)

An app for developers to create their own portals for the PlayStation Portable from. 
- [https://apptestermc.github.io/gnextop](https://apptestermc.github.io/gnextop)
